Create pasteup's CONTRIBUTING.md (#438)
guardian/dotcom-rendering: packages/pasteup/CONTRIBUTING.md

# What goes in pasteup?
Anything that either generates style primitives or can be used to generate style primitives and is plain javascript (including JSON). For the most part this is pretty unambiguous: Colours, sizes, grid, etc all fit the bill. Font mappings are a good candidate too. Do NOT use paste up for components (as of Feb ‘19).
Think of pasteup as a base foundation you can use to build components with the tech stack of your choice.

# Releasing pasteup
After your PR gets approved, but before merging run

```
make release-pasteup
```
This will ask you to up the version of pasteup. We use (semver)[https://semver.org] and you can check a quick reference below.

That's it! Pasteup is now in [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@guardian/pasteup). There's a couple loose ends we need to deal with to tidy everything up:

> Your branch witll have a commit with a change to pasteup's `package.json` reflecting the new version. Right now we use alpha versions so you have to update the dependency version in `package.json` in `guui` and `frontend` too. With that done, push your changes to the packages & merge.

Reviewer: Type here: `witll`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your branch will have a commit with a change to pasteup's `package.json` reflecting the new version. Right now we use alpha versions so you have to update the dependency version in `package.json` in `guui` and `frontend` too. With that done, push your changes to the packages & merge.
```

Your changes will ripple to dotcom-rendering immediately. For other projects you must notify other consumers of the library of the updated version. At the moment that includes:

- support-frontend (reader revenue teams)

TBD: Should we create an email address? Do we have one?

> TBD: Should we release via riffraff or travis? What are the downsides? How hard is this to set up?

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/guardian/mobile-apps-article-templates publish the templates package to NPM as part of CI. They're building on teamcity and pushing to npm.

Reviewer 3: I can help set this up.

Author: omg that would be pretty awesome??

# Versioning rules of thumb

> Given the cross-cutting nature of this project are committed to avoid breaking changes as that would erode trust from potential consumers:

Reviewer: > Given the cross-cutting nature of this project, **we** are committed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the cross-cutting nature of this project, we are committed to avoiding breaking changes as that would erode trust from potential consumers:
```
